welcome to Benjamin TV today I'm going
to teach you how to do scrambled eggs
yes
the humble very simple and easy and
quick scrambled eggs and we're gonna go
right into the ingredients first thing
is you're gonna need eggs now I suggest
you get farm-fresh or organic if you can
I like to have these at room temperature
because eggs really cook better when
they're a little warmer next you're
gonna have butter salt and pepper if you
want that's all the ingredients you're
actually going to need to use optionally
if you want to really spruce it up I
have some herbs here this is a mix of
tarragon chives and parsley I just
freeze these and I use them whenever I
want as well as some milk basically
aside from that are the tools really
important to have something to mix your
eggs with chopsticks these are really
the best tool when making eggs
especially scrambled eggs I will be
using a spatula make sure you have a
thick bottom pan you want to cook
scrambled eggs on a low heat but make
sure you have it nice and heated because
the residual heat in there is gonna be
important for cooking your scrambled
eggs properly first things first we're
gonna go ahead and crack the eggs and
[Music]
okay notice I did not put any salt or
pepper into the egg mixture I feel like
that's something you should put after
you cook because actually can affect the
way that eggs cook I'm going to take
about a tablespoon of butter and put it
into this thoroughly warmed pan remember
you don't want it too hot this is
actually on a low heat key here is to
make sure you let it melt but not burn
okay now I'm gonna pour in the eggs make
sure you mix a little bit so you get
those are really important let it sit
for about 20 or 30 seconds let it cook
through and all you're gonna do is
gently slide the spatula through the egg
mixture just let it sit for about ten to
fifteen more seconds again side to side
at this point you're actually really
close to being finished
so I actually start flipping the eggs on
top of each other alright at this point
I've turned the heat off and the eggs
they look like they're little
undercooked but they're fine they're
gonna actually cook through with the
residual heat that's in the pan after
about few moments you're going to go
ahead and transfer that onto your plate
even though it looks a little
undercooked don't worry you're not gonna
die you're gonna be fine in fact it's
gonna actually create better flavor
make sure you salt and pepper time to
taste these
[Music]
I may be biased but that's perfect if I
might say anyways that with scrambled
eggs quick and easy
remember cooking's not as hard as it
looks it's actually pretty easy this
Benjamin TV thank you for watching if
you want more recipes make sure you
subscribe the bench man TV and comment
below on other recipes you want to see
thanks for watching I'll talk to you
later
today's topic is best protein choices uh
what proteins that we II and why we
think it's good for you one little thing
I will say is look what I'm wearing copy
Monday shirt